[docs] add note about upgrading to 1.8.0 in openshift (#1392)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/install-openshift.md

For further help, contact [Datadog Support][7].

### Datadog Operator 1.8.0 on OpenShift

![Error after upgrading to 1.8.0 without removing the deprecated v1alpha1 from CRD](assets/openshift_1.8.0_crd_error.png)

When upgrading from versions `<1.8.0` to Datadog Operator `1.8.0` of the Datadog Operator bundle provided to OperatorHub in OpenShift, one may encounter an error in the `InstallPlan` and/or `ClusterServiceVersion` due to the removal of the deprecated v1alpha1 CRD version:
```
Message: Risk of data loss updating "datadogagents.datadoghq.com": new CRD removes version v1alpha1 that is listed as a stored version on the existing CRD
```

It is therefore recommended to run the command below and only upgrade afterwards:

```bash
oc patch customresourcedefinitions datadogagents.datadoghq.com --subresource='status' --type='merge' -p '{"status":{"storedVersions":["v2alpha1"]}}'
```

For more details, see [Removing an old version][8] from the Kubernetes Custom Resources documentation. If this command was not run before the upgrade and you encountered the error, please follow the **Resolution** steps below.

#### Resolution

> 1. Remove `v1alpha1` from DatadogAgent CRD: `oc patch customresourcedefinitions datadogagents.datadoghq.com --subresource='status' --type='merge' -p '{"status":{"storedVersions":["v2alpha1"]}}'`
> 2. Remove both `ClusterServiceVersion` (current and failed upgrade): `oc delete csv datadog-operator.v1.7.0 datadog-operator.v1.8.0`
> 3. Remove the status from the `Subscription` to force a new reconciliation: `oc patch sub datadog-operator-certified --subresource='status' --type='json' -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/status"}]'`
> 4. The reconciliation should lead to a new `ClusterServiceVersion` (identical to the one preceeding the upgrade). Depending on the `installPlanApproval`, you might have to approve the `InstallPlan`.
> 5. Proceed with the upgrade normally from the OperatorHub.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Remove `v1alpha1` from the DatadogAgent CRD: `oc patch customresourcedefinitions datadogagents.datadoghq.com --subresource='status' --type='merge' -p '{"status":{"storedVersions":["v2alpha1"]}}'`
2. Remove both `ClusterServiceVersion` resources (current and failed upgrade): `oc delete csv datadog-operator.v1.7.0 datadog-operator.v1.8.0`
3. Remove the status from the `Subscription` to force a new reconciliation: `oc patch sub <subscription name> --subresource='status' --type='json' -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/status"}]'`
4. A new `ClusterServiceVersion` should be created (identical to the one preceding the upgrade). Depending on the `installPlanApproval` configuration, you may need to approve the `InstallPlan`.
5. Proceed with the upgrade as usual from OperatorHub.
```

For further help, contact [Datadog Support][7].

### Datadog Operator 1.8.0 on OpenShift

![Error after upgrading to 1.8.0 without removing the deprecated v1alpha1 from CRD](assets/openshift_1.8.0_crd_error.png)

When upgrading from versions <1.8.0 to Datadog Operator 1.8.0 of the Datadog Operator bundle provided to OperatorHub in OpenShift, one may encounter an error in the `InstallPlan` and/or `ClusterServiceVersion` resource:
```
Message: Risk of data loss updating "datadogagents.datadoghq.com": new CRD removes version v1alpha1 that is listed as a stored version on the existing CRD
```

#### Background

Datadog Operator bundle 1.8.0 includes the removal of the deprecated `v1alpha1` CRD version. If an older bundle installation stored this version in the DatadogAgent CRD `status` field, the Operator Lifecycle Manager automatically prevents the upgrade from completing. For more details, see [Removing an old version][8] from the Kubernetes Custom Resources documentation.

#### Identification and remediation
You can identify whether or not you are impacted by running:
```bash
oc get customresourcedefinitions datadogagents.datadoghq.com -osjon | jq .status.storedVersions
```

> * If the returned array contains the entry `v1alpha1`, you are impacted and the rest of this guide should be followed. There are **two different courses of action**, depending on whether or not the upgrade was attempted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the returned array contains the entry `v1alpha1`, you are impacted and should follow the rest of this guide. There are **two different courses of action**, depending on whether or not the upgrade was attempted.
```

> * If the returned array contains the entry `v1alpha1`, you are impacted and the rest of this guide should be followed. There are **two different courses of actions**, depending on whether or not the upgrade was attempted.

Author: ```suggestion
* If the returned array contains the entry `v1alpha1`, you are impacted and the rest of this guide should be followed. There are **two different courses of action**, depending on whether or not the upgrade was attempted.
```

* If not, ignore this guide and proceed with the installation/upgrade as usual.

**Note**: During these steps, the Datadog Agents will keep running, ensuring your observability is not disrupted.

> ##### Situation 1: Identification before upgrading to 1.8.0

Author: ```suggestion
##### Scenario 1: Presence of v1alpha1 CRD confirmed before upgrading to 1.8.0
```

1. Remove `v1alpha1` from the DatadogAgent CRD: `oc patch customresourcedefinitions datadogagents.datadoghq.com --subresource='status' --type='merge' -p '{"status":{"storedVersions":["v2alpha1"]}}'`
2. Proceed with the upgrade as usual from the OperatorHub UI.

> ##### Situation 2: Identification after attempting to upgrade to 1.8.0

Author: ```suggestion
##### Scenario 2: Presence of v1alpha1 CRD confirmed after attempting to upgrade to 1.8.0
```
